added p2p-static-peers-url cli arg (#656)
Consensys/doc.teku: docs/reference/cli/index.md

[multiaddresses](https://docs.libp2p.io/concepts/appendix/glossary/#multiaddr) of static peers with
which to establish and maintain connections.

### `p2p-static-peers-url`

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="Syntax" label="Syntax" default>

```bash
--p2p-static-peers-url=<URL>
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="Example" label="Example" >

```bash
--p2p-static-peers-url=https://my-peers-url
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="Environment variable" label="Environment variable" >

```bash
TEKU_P2P_STATIC_PEERS_URL=https://my-peers-url
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="Configuration file" label="Configuration file" >

```bash
p2p-static-peers-url: "https://my-peers-url"
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

A URL or file that contains a list of
[multiaddresses](https://docs.libp2p.io/concepts/appendix/glossary/#multiaddr) of static peers with
which to establish and maintain connections. The file should have one peer per line.

:::note

> 
> If the URL or file is unable to be loaded, Teku will fail to start up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the URL or file is unable to load, Teku will fail to start up.
```
